📖 update supported Kubernetes versions (#5012)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/reference/versions.md

#### Core Provider (`cluster-api-controller`)

> 

Author: I think v0.3 and v0.4 Management is correct. @fabriziopandini I'm not sure about workload cluster support in v0.4. What is the lowest version we support?

Reviewer: Lowest workload cluster should be 1.19

Author: We're also running tests for v1.18 (upgrade v1.18=>1.19)

Reviewer: Are we testing 1.16 as well? Should we start testing all the combinations we support?

Author: I think that brings up more or less: https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/issues/4444

My personal opinion. We have 3 kinds of versions (applies to workload and management clusters):
1. versions we test
2. versions that *should* work (no tests, best effort support on bug reports, but as far as we know they work)
3. versions that definitely don't work (usually because of hard incompatibility like controller-runtime v0.5.x => Kubernetes v1.22)

Ideally we test all versions that should work, not sure if that's realistic though. 

We would need:
* 1.19-1.22 management cluster tests (currently: afaik 1.21)
* and depending on what works 1.16/1.18-1.22 workload cluster tests (currently: 1.18-1.22)
 
Those are only the tests for v1alpha4. In this scenario we probably would have to add one management and one workload cluster test every 4 months (aka Kubernetes release) during the lifespan of a CAPI release.

Probably better discussed elsewhere :)

/cc / fyi @fabriziopandini

Author: A significant improvement imho would be to make it transparent what we test in the book, e.g. different symbols for "should work" vs "is tested periodically in CI" vs "will not work"

Reviewer 2: > Lowest workload cluster should be 1.19 IIRC

What is the reason why workload cluster are limited to v1.19? It is n-3 or there are other considerations?

> We're also running tests for v1.18 (upgrade v1.18=>1.19)

That's ok, it ensures there is a migration path for users on oldest versions

> (discussion about skew vs documentation)

Some time ago (I can search for the issue) we discussed about the idea of a recommended version for the management cluster, with the specification that this was the version being tested (only one); but It won't be a big deal to run quickstart using different version kindest/node.

For the workload clusters we are testing a wider skew, but until #4444 gets addressed it is hard to say what we should test.

If we can agree on support skew rules, that it will be easier to document them, otherwise I don't see other options than upgrading manually every time there is a K8s version

Author: Based on the policies we currently have what should I put in the doc?

Currently I have:
* v0.3: 
    * mgmt: v1.16-v1.21
    * workload: v1.16-v1.22
* v0.4:
    * mgmt: v1.19-v1.22
    * workload: v1.16-v1.22

I couldn't really gather it from the responses :)

As mentioned, I'm mostly unsure about the workload Kubernetes version support with v0.4.x. I **know** we test a v1.18 installation. So mostly I'm not sure if I should include v1.16 and v1.17.

Reviewer: We can probably include 1.18 if we have test coverage for it in v0.4, other than that, +1

Author: Thx, adjusted the PR accordingly

| Kubernetes v1.16 + kubeadm/v1beta2 | ✓                                | ✓                             |                                 | ✓                             |
| Kubernetes v1.17 + kubeadm/v1beta2 | ✓                                | ✓                             |                                 | ✓                             |
| Kubernetes v1.18 + kubeadm/v1beta2 | ✓                                | ✓                             |                                 | ✓                             |
| Kubernetes v1.19 + kubeadm/v1beta2 | ✓                                | ✓                             | ✓                               | ✓                             |
| Kubernetes v1.20 + kubeadm/v1beta2 | ✓                                | ✓                             | ✓                               | ✓                             |
| Kubernetes v1.21 + kubeadm/v1beta2 | ✓                                | ✓                             | ✓                               | ✓                             |

> | Kubernetes v1.22 + kubeadm/v1beta2 |                                  | ✓                             | ✓                               | ✓                             |

Author: This should be v1beta3 with v0.4 but still v1beta2 for v0.3

(@fabriziopandini that's correct, right?)

Reviewer 2: yes, lets add a note

> The Kubeadm Bootstrap Provider generates configuration using the v1beta1 or v1beta2 kubeadm API
> according to the target Kubernetes version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Kubeadm Bootstrap Provider generates kubeadm configuration using the API version
recommended for the target Kubernetes version.
```
